README.md, before:

# BrainBread 2 Source Code
![alt text](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/cfcaf3a99103d61f387761e5fc445d9ba0203b01/68747470733a2f2f7472617669732d63692e6f72672f6477796c2f657374612e7376673f6272616e63683d6d6173746572)

### Introduction
BrainBread 2, also known as BrainBread: Source, has been in development for almost a decade. 
The goal was to rebuild the ancient master-piece mod for Half-Life 1, BrainBread.

In 2016 BrainBread 2 was released on Steam as a standalone sourcemod. 
It contained a vast spectrum of gamemodes, maps, weapons and customization.
Now anyone can feel free to contribute to this development, now that BrainBread 2 is open source.

### Compiling
Use the VPC scripts to generate the necessary project file(s).
[Source SDK 2013 Compiling Help](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_SDK_2013)
* Windows: You can use VS2010 or VS2013 to compile this project, however newer versions of Visual Studio might work as well.
* Linux: Use gcc compiler, make sure that you have the latest version of libcurl.
* OSX: Use XCode.

### Contributing
Feel free to post issues, pull requests and such.
However, if you create a pull request, be sure to test your changes properly before submitting the request!

### Future Implementations & Improvements
- [ ] Draw a bar when holding +use on for example doors, when trying to lock/unlock them.
- [ ] Add skill tree templates for fast switching between skill choices.
- [ ] Improve movement mechanics, such as view tilting and camera movement when reloading weapons.
- [ ] New GUI for the inventory and quest system.
- [ ] Fix tiny HUD / GUI text for some languages like Russian, Chinese, etc...

### Current Bugs
* Writing 'connect ip:port' in the console while in-game will bug if the server is password protected, you have to open the main menu in order to write in the desired password. (assuming you're using the console when the main menu isn't up)
* Very rare and random crash which occurs when you click OK on the motd in-game, when you're about to enter the game. (spawn)
* Engine related render crash, due to too many frames being rendered, happens in Termoil sometimes.
* Unable to freeroam in spectator mode.
* Sometimes viewmodels will randomly go invisible until you respawn/get a new weapon of the same type.
* Very rarely some players will suddenly become invisible.
* When recording via hltv, the objective HUD will be hidden.
* Changing resolution while the motd is up will create unforeseen consequences.
* Spectating starts inside the player, you have to refresh the spectate mode to fix this issue at this time.
* Sometimes thirdperson gestures will not play. EX: Melee anims, swinging, etc...

Commit message:

- Major performance improvements, tweaked and fixed up a lot of messy and costly code.
- Weapon attachments will no longer cast shadows.

- Loading Screen will no longer load the tips and map image, this will becached elsewhere for each map.

- Data is now retrieved as pointers, instead of local copies @ shared data accessors.

- Objective icons are now handled more conveniently on the client, added the icons themselves into a vector list. No need to check through a list of all client entities...

- Improved melee, melee is now much more efficient, allows striking more enemies pluss has better collision.

- Fixed glitchy VGUI items.

- Fixed minor bugs in the scoreboard GUI elements.

- The achievement panel will now add newly achieved hidden achievements to your list, no need to restart the game anymore.

- Fixed impact FX not spawning for the local client when doing melee attacks.

- Fixed Create a Game being extremely slow when you open the menu for the first time.

- Fixed faulty map selection when switching pages in Create a Game

- Added local player sound filter for client side sounds.

- Fixed +use spamming on doors, added 2 sec penalty.

- Lag compensation is now cheaper, no more lag compensation for npcs who are asleep or standing still.

- Objectives and Quests will now give a more reasonable XP value.

- Bots will no longer be simulated when cheats are off.

- Health Bar HUD will now be positioned properly for all NPCs.

- Fixed some faulty blood puddle positioning.

- Holding +use will draw a circular bar indicating how long until delayed use will be triggered.

- Updated faulty URLs for the dev, tester, donator, bans, etc.. data..

- Added NavMesh support for Bandits.

- Added cl_interp_npcs .25

- Added missing rate limit checks for hl2mp client commands.

- A lot of code refactoring.

README.md, after:

# BrainBread 2 Source Code
![alt text](https://camo.githubusercontent.com/cfcaf3a99103d61f387761e5fc445d9ba0203b01/68747470733a2f2f7472617669732d63692e6f72672f6477796c2f657374612e7376673f6272616e63683d6d6173746572)

### Introduction
BrainBread 2, also known as BrainBread: Source, has been in development for almost a decade. 
The goal was to rebuild the ancient master-piece mod for Half-Life 1, BrainBread.

In 2016 BrainBread 2 was released on Steam as a standalone sourcemod. 
It contained a vast spectrum of gamemodes, maps, weapons and customization.
Now anyone can feel free to contribute to this development, now that BrainBread 2 is open source.

### Compiling
Use the VPC scripts to generate the necessary project file(s).
[Source SDK 2013 Compiling Help](https://developer.valvesoftware.com/wiki/Source_SDK_2013)
* Windows: You can use VS2010 or VS2013 to compile this project, however newer versions of Visual Studio might work as well.
* Linux: Use gcc compiler, make sure that you have the latest version of libcurl.
* OSX: Use XCode.

### Contributing
Feel free to post issues, pull requests and such.
However, if you create a pull request, be sure to test your changes properly before submitting the request!

### Future Implementations & Improvements
- [ ] Add skill tree templates for fast switching between skill choices.
- [ ] Improve movement mechanics, such as view tilting and camera movement when reloading weapons.
- [ ] New GUI for the inventory and quest system.
- [ ] Fix tiny HUD / GUI text for some languages like Russian, Chinese, etc...
- [ ] Allow players to actually use unique player models similar to GoldSource, change how player models are rendered @ client.

### Current Bugs
* Writing 'connect ip:port' in the console while in-game will bug if the server is password protected, you have to open the main menu in order to write in the desired password. (assuming you're using the console when the main menu isn't up)
* Very rare and random crash which occurs when you click OK on the motd in-game, when you're about to enter the game. (spawn)
* Engine related render crash, due to too many frames being rendered, happens in Termoil sometimes.
* Unable to freeroam in spectator mode.
* Sometimes viewmodels will randomly go invisible until you respawn/get a new weapon of the same type.
* Very rarely some players will suddenly become invisible.
* When recording via hltv, the objective HUD will be hidden.
* Changing resolution while the motd is up will create unforeseen consequences.
* Spectating starts inside the player, you have to refresh the spectate mode to fix this issue at this time.
* Sometimes thirdperson gestures will not play. EX: Melee anims, swinging, etc...
